## Термины для экзамена
____
- ==**Semiconductor**== (полупроводник) - a material, such as silicon, whose ability to conduct electricity increases, when its temperature goes up
- ==**Transistor**== (транзистор) - a small electronic component, used in a television or radio, to control the flow of electricity
- ==**Subtraction**== (вычитание) - an arithmetic operation where the difference between tho numbers is calculated
- ==**Artificial Intelligence**== (искусственный интеллект) - A branch in computer science which studies the way a machine can simulate aspects of human intelligence.
____
## Пересказы текстов
____
- ==**Unit 1. History of computers.**== 

	The first counting tools people used were sticks and stones. With the development of human intelligence, computer technology also developed. The earliest mechanical machines were the Pascaline, was built by Blaise Pascal between 1642 and 1644 and the Analytical Engine, designed by brittish mathematician Charles Babbage in the 1830s. Last one contained an ALU (arithmetical logic unit), control unit, memory and input/output system.

	The 19th century was a period of a rapid evolution of computing theory. Then in 1936 the world saw a major breakthrow - the Z1, developed by Konrad Zuse, which later followed by the Z2 and the Z3. A litlle bit later, the 1940s were starting point to the first generation computers like ENIAC (Electronic Numerical Integrator and Computer), UNIVAC 1 (Universal Automatic Computer), MARK 1, which used vacuum tubes. Over time computers become more portable, silent, fast, precise and convenient.

	In the early 1960s the second generation computers became faster with the advent of transistors. And just 5 years later third-generation computers appeared on the market. These computers could do a million calculations per second, which is 1000 times faster than the first-generation computers. Using tiny integrated circuits make them much smaller.

	The circuits became smaller and smaller until they could not fit into one chip in the fourth generation computers.

	Nowadays computer science is still developing and we are already using fifth-generation computers which based on parallel processing and Artificial Intelligence.